Hailing from the small, but not too small town of Chester, SC, I am an aspiring digital seamstress. Graduating from Claflin University in May 2014 summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English, my aim is to combine and utilize my composition, communication, and research skills with my acquired technical skills in front-end development.

In October 2014, I joined Corestaff Services at Shutterfly, Inc. as a Customer Services Representative where I handled general and escalated customer inquiries nationally and internationally, and I also become a member of the Mobile Applications Team. It was during this time period that I gained interest in working across different operating system platforms such as Windows 7 and Mac OSX as I managed customer inqueries.

In February 2015, I truly began testing my interests not specifically in front-end development, but in computer programming by joining an online course through Coursera.org entitled "Programming for Everybody (Python)". The course was offered by The University of Michigan, and over the course of 10 weeks I expanded my knowledge on back-end computer programming and earned a verified certificate with Distinction.

Deciding that I not only wanted to learn back-end programming technologies, I joined the Website Design and Creation Front-End Development course with Tech Talent South in Charlotte, NC. Throughout the course, I gained more experience working with HTML, CSS, and even learned how to incoprorate and tweek Bootstrap components in addition to picking up a little JavaScript. I also learned how to use Mockflow, jQuery, Angular, Git, Github, and experienced working with the markup language Liquid while creating a Shopify online store as a team member.

Currently, I am also a student in the Computer Technology/Programming Associate's Degree program at York Technical College where I am learning networking and programming technologies. My journey is just beginning in the field of technology, and I know that with passion, practice, and perserverance I am well on my way to constructing complete digital garments.

I am currently seeking a position as a Front-End Development Intern. If you would like to check out my threads, click on "Projects". I do enjoy intriguing conversations about technology and research; if would like to connect, click on "Contact".